README.md, before:

# ttcc-sim
A simulator of TTCC's battle mechanics (WIP)

## Command format for one liners:
`[number/strategy] [pres] <gag(s)> <target> ...[[number/strategy] [pres] <gag(s)> <target>]`

The command is parsed left to right, but gags will be automatically applied in the conventional order (Toonup, Trap, Lure, Sound, Squirt, Zap, Throw, Drop).

The command order for each gag matters. You can move around blocks of gag commands any way you like, however.

For one-liners, you can use a quickhand strategy which attempts to mimic strategies said via chat

### Quickhand strategy format:
- the quickhand strategy consists of only '-', 'x', or 'X'
    - '-' specifies that the respective cog is not targeted
    - 'x' specifies that the respective cog is targeted once
    - 'X' specifies that the respective cog is targeted twice
    - should be the same length as the cog set
- the quickhand strategy must be followed by the gags relevant to it in the format `[pres] <gag>`
    - gags are parsed left to right (ex: -X-x will assume the next two gags target mid-left and the third gag targets right)
- if preceded by "pres", all gags that are part of the quickhand strategy are prestiged
    - note: if followed by "pres", the prestige only applies to the gag following it
- if followed by "cross", zap gags will cross

For example, if x-x- or -X-- is specified, two valid gags must follow it.

## Command format for individual commands:
`[pres] <gag> <target>`

Gags will be automatically applied in the conventional order.

## Special notes about commands

Do not specify a target for group lure and sound.

You do not need to specify a target for a cog set of one cog.

For cog sets larger than 1, the specified target can be a 0-indexed position (prepended with '!'), a defined position, or a cog's level name. In the case where a level name is supplied, the target will be the leftmost (first) occurrence.

### Defined positions:
- left = leftmost cog
- mid-left = second cog
- mid = second cog
- mid-right = third cog
- right = rightmost cog (automatically updates based on cog set size)

### Non-gag commands:
- PASS = pass (only for individual commands)
- FIRE = fire a cog
- DELETE/FIREALL/SKIP = fire all cogs (only for one liners)
- END = quit the program

Commit message:

Create tests prototype, add undo within a turn, fix bugs in positioning and gag functions, other small adjustments
Fix "right" position definition not updating properly before the first turn
Fix prestige sound calculations for odd-leveled cogs
Fix single drop to not include combo bonus
Make separate generate function for Battle, as well as other helper functions for accessibility
Add configuration for no miss (accuracy yet to be implemented)
Rename methods for consistent camel case naming

README.md, after:

# ttcc-sim
A simulator of TTCC's battle mechanics (WIP)

## Command format for one liners:
`[number/strategy] [pres] <gag(s)> <target> ...[[number/strategy] [pres] <gag(s)> <target>]`

The command is parsed left to right, but gags will be automatically applied in the conventional order (Toonup, Trap, Lure, Sound, Squirt, Zap, Throw, Drop).

The command order for each gag matters. You can move around blocks of gag commands any way you like, however.

For one-liners, you can use a quickhand strategy for efficieny

### Quickhand strategy format:
- the quickhand strategy consists of only '-', 'x', or 'X'
    - '-' specifies that the respective cog is not targeted
    - 'x' specifies that the respective cog is targeted once
    - 'X' specifies that the respective cog is targeted twice
    - should be the same length as the cog set
- the quickhand strategy must be followed by the gags relevant to it in the format `[pres] <gag>`
    - gags are parsed left to right
    - example 1: if x-x- or -X-- is specified, two valid gags must follow it
    - example 2: -X-x will assume the next two gags target mid-left and the third gag targets right
- if preceded by "pres", all gags that are part of the quickhand strategy are prestiged
    - note: if followed by "pres", the prestige only applies to the gag following it
- if followed by "cross", zap gags will cross

## Command format for individual commands:
`[pres] <gag> <target>`

Gags will be automatically applied in the conventional order.

## Special notes about commands

Do not specify a target for group lure, sound, or SOS.

You do not need to specify a target for a cog set of one cog.

For cog sets larger than 1, the specified target can be a 0-indexed position (prepended with '!'), a defined position, or a cog's level name. In the case where a level name is supplied, the target will be the leftmost (first) occurrence.

### Defined positions:
- left = leftmost cog
- mid-left = second cog
- mid = second cog
- mid-right = third cog
- right = rightmost cog (automatically updates based on cog set size)

### Non-gag commands:
- PASS = pass (only for individual commands)
- FIRE = fire a cog
- DELETE/FIREALL/SKIP = fire all cogs (only for one liners)
- UNDO = undo last toon's choice (only for one liners)
- END = quit the program (only for individual commands)
